feature/update-freshness-config (#95)
fivetran/dbt_stripe_source: README.md

- Materializes [Stripe staging tables](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_stripe_source/#!/overview/stripe_source/models/?g_v=1&g_e=seeds) which leverage data in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/stripe/#schemainformation). These staging tables clean, test, and prepare your Stripe data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/stripe) for analysis by doing the following:
  - Name columns for consistency across all packages and for easier analysis
  - Adds freshness tests to source data

>     > dbt Core >= 1.9.5 is required to run freshness tests out of the box. See other options [here](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-change-for-dbt-core--195).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > dbt Core >= 1.9.6 is required to run freshness tests out of the box. See other options [here](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe_source/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-change-for-dbt-core--196).
```
